Updated README.md (#39)
magento/magento-cloud-docker: README.md

# Magento Cloud Docker

[![Docker Build Status][ico-dockerbuild]][link-dockerhub]
[![Docker Pulls][ico-downloads]][link-dockerhub]
[![Docker Stars][ico-dockerstars]][link-dockerhub]

## Welcome

> Magento Cloud Docker is a package—part of the [Magento Cloud Suite](#magento-cloud-suite)—designed to develop, test, and deploy your Magento Commerce store. The Magento Cloud Docker implementation deploys your Cloud project to your local work station so that you can develop and test your code in a simulated Cloud environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento Cloud Docker is a package—part of the [Magento Cloud Suite](#magento-cloud-suite)—designed to develop, test, and deploy your Magento Commerce store. The Magento Cloud Docker implementation deploys Cloud projects to a local workstation so that you can develop and test your code in a simulated Cloud environment.
```

## Contributing to Magento Cloud Docker Code Base
You can submit issues and pull requests to extend functionality or fix potential bugs. Improvements to Magento Cloud Docker can include any development experience improvements, optimizations for deployment process, etc. If you find a bug or have a new suggestion, let us know by creating a Github issue.

*Please note:* this repository is not an official support channel. To get project-specific help, please create support ticket through [Support Portal](https://support.magento.com). Support-related issues will be closed with the request to open a support ticket.

# Magento Cloud Suite
Magento Cloud Suite includes set of packages, designed to deploy and manage Magento Commerce installations.
- [ECE-Tools](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools) - set of scripts and tools designed to manage and deploy Cloud projects

> - [Magento Cloud Components](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-components) - package with extended core functionality for Cloud

Reviewer 2: Also, you called this a `module` in the cloud-components repo. Is it a package or a module?

Author: @hguthrie both. When referring to github it is package (code), while on the high level it is module. So this should be fine to leave, I think

> - [Magento Cloud Docker](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker) - functionality and images to deploy Cloud environments locally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Magento Cloud Docker](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker) - package with images and functionality to deploy Cloud environments locally
```
